[WHOOSH]
[INTRO JINGLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome.
In this astral
projection journey,
I will guide you through
a relaxation meditation,
leading into a
visualization to help
you rise into the astral realm
by keeping your mind awake,
while your body falls asleep.
Remember, as you come close
to the edge between sleep
and awake, you may
fall in further
into the sleeping zone
from time to time,
but you must learn to
occupy your thoughts
and focus on the visuals so that
you are able to pull yourself
out of the sleeping
zone when it happens
and stay in that
in-between state
until you successfully
exit your body.
Are you ready to astral project?
Good.
So let's begin by relaxing.
Find a comfortable position.
You can be laying down on your
bed, preferably on your back,
with your arms to the sides.
Keeping your head still
and just using your eyes,
I would like you to take a
look at your surroundings.
It is a familiar
space, a safe space.
Now close your eyes.
Focus on your breath.
Now gently open you
rise once again,
and focus on any
element within the room.
And just observe it
for a few seconds.
Now close your eyes.
Your eyelids are
feeling nice and heavy.
And focus on your breath,
inhaling and exhaling.
Slowly open your
eyes and gaze over
the familiarity of
your room or anything
that may catch your attention.
And when you're ready,
close you rise once again.
And this time, keep them
closed for the remainder
of the meditation.
Take a deep breath
in through your nose,
and exhale through your
mouth all the tension
stored in your body.
Take another healing
deep breath in,
and exhale any
stress accumulated
throughout your day.
This moment is for you, and
you can let your body and mind
rest.
There is nothing you
have to do except
listen to the sound of my
voice, as I guide you gently
into this astral journey.
Visualize a violet-blue wave
of relaxing energy entering
through your feet, moving into
your ankles, calves, knees,
and thighs.
Your legs are now feeling
heavier and heavier.
As the feeling continues moving
up toward your upper body,
you feel your pelvic
area relaxing.
And the energy moves into
your hips, abdomen, chest
and continues all the
way to your shoulders
and then swirls down into your
upper arms, elbows, wrists,
hands, and fingers, making
them feel heavier and heavier.
This wave of relaxation
is now moving up
toward your neck, jaw,
chin, nose, and eyes,
letting go of any tension stored
in the muscles of your face,
moving up toward your forehead,
and enveloping your whole head.
You might begin to feel a
tingling sensation or a very
heavy sensation.
This is just your
body falling asleep.
Keep listening to the
sound of my voice.
I'm going to count from 10 to 1.
And when I reach
1, your body will
become heavier and heavier.
Your mind will become
more and more focused,
as you enter this liminal state.
10-- so deeply relaxed--
9-- feeling heavier
and heavier--
8-- you no longer
feel your body--
7-- you are just
pure awareness--
6-- so heavy, and
yet so peaceful--
5-- trusting the process--
4-- excited for the
adventure that lies ahead--
3-- sinking more and more
deeply into your bed--
2-- knowing you are safe, as
you begin to reach the liminal
state--
1.
Your body is now still and
sleeping deeply and heavily,
but you remain focused.
I would like you to
look into the darkness
of your closed eyelids.
Notice any shapes
and colors forming.
It might be very
subtle at first,
but just let go
and allow your gaze
to travel through
all the visuals,
allowing anything to take
form as you relax and let go.
And when you begin to drift
too deeply into sleep,
try to guide your visuals
more intentionally,
forming the shapes yourself
using your imagination.
You can imagine a
wormhole forming.
See how it shifts and
dances around your vision.
And as your body becomes
sleepy, your mind
stays focused and aware.
Remember to help
your visuals along
by using your daydreaming mind.
And now visualize yourself
standing in the middle
of a beautiful forest.
It's vibrant and green.
The sun's rays are
hitting the ground.
Everything looks golden.
You look up toward the trees and
notice a blue and violet sphere
portal slowly forming.
It is glowing as it grows.
And as it grows, you
realize it is another world.
It is the astral world.
The portal is now expanding
and taking over the forest,
and this is activating
your astral body.
And you are ready to
float into the portal.
You begin to rise, until you
are inside the glowing violet
scene.
As you elevate from the ground,
you feel so light, as light
as a feather.
You begin to slowly soar
over the glowing scenery,
and you allow the astral
energy to guide you.
And you let go completely,
letting the astronaut energy
lift you, higher and higher.
And you keep floating in
total comfort and ease.
Somewhere deep inside
your astral memory,
you know that you've
done this before.
The knowledge is embedded
in your whole, entire body,
in your whole being,
in your whole energy.
You know how to do this.
You've done this before,
and you are remembering.
Your consciousness feels like
it's growing, and growing,
and expanding, and rising.
Astral projection is a
normal part of your being,
and now you understand
it completely.
Feel free to play
with the scenery.
What do you see?
And who do you encounter?
Are you over a city or
floating over nature?
Are you over the ocean,
or are you deep in space?
The portal is for you
to create and explore
the astral experience
that you desire.
Your astral body is now
completely activated,
and you can feel the vibrations
or the tingling sensation.
Release your mind, and let go.
Your body is heavy,
heavy, and resting.
And you can let go, and float
upward, and keep moving up,
until you are far
from your body,
but you are always
connected in consciousness.
You know you are safe and
in control at all times.
And now I'm going to leave
you with affirmations
to help you transition
into the astral realm
by reprogramming your
mind to know that it
is possible to astral project.
I am prepared for astral travel.
Astral travel is just a
normal part of my life.
My consciousness is open
to the astral plane.
I am connected to
my astral body.
My mind is calm and aware.
My entire being is at peace.
My awareness has expanded.
I am in a total
state of total peace.
I leave my physical
body every night.
I remember my
out-of-body experiences.
I can leave my physical
body any time I choose.
I experienced
tranquility and peace.
My consciousness
is expanded when
experiencing the astral plane.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I have astral
projections regularly.
Leaving my body to experience
astral travel is easy.
I know I am more than
my physical body.
I remain consciously aware
as my body falls asleep.
I experience out-of-body
consciousness now.
I separate from my
physical body during sleep.
I am calm and relaxed.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Astral travel is a
rewarding experience.
I have crystal clear awareness.
I am out of body.
I am astral projecting now.
I am an astral traveler.
[MUSIC PLAYING]